enhance enhance enhance enhance enhance
enhance enhance what kind of camera is
this with over 500 crime Focus TV shows
out there they've done anything and
everything to try to stand out from the
pack including using technology to solve
difficult cases unfortunately some of
the errors that they've made involving
computers phones and anything else
digital go beyond creative license to
the point of outright inaccuracy and to
help us break down some of these scenes
we've got of course my co-host Luke from
the W show and Wendell from level one
tax who are going to be telling us what
they did wrong and who knows maybe if
they did something right we're going to
be kicking things off with NCIS a show
that's been running for 22 seasons and
over
450 episodes considering where you found
this baby there's no way I'm just going
to jam it into our Network which would
explain the purpose of this contraption
the laptop isolates the SD card and the
cage isolates the laptop from the rest
of our Network okay that is actually not
terrible completely unreasonable and
ridiculous but possible no it's not
because she plugged in the SD card to a
powered on system before closing the
Faraday cage yeah that's unfortunate
because that's the plot hole and does
she have a wireless mouse plug to go
into a laptop a laptop that's in a faad
Cas that's a bit of a problem McGee
would put up a virus scanner and okay
analyzing the files without opening them
that's not unreasonable that's not how
you scan a virus though no I mean I
guess that's how you do if you're a
badass build a
firewall that's build a firewall so
she's manually typing this
okay
okay here kitty
kitty I should have gone with the shark
I don't think that it would work like
that no
wait didn't they no the firewall it AE
right through it and then it bypassed
the cage through the power cord whatever
can bypass the cage through the power
cord if you're networking through the
power cord obviously hold on a second
it's a laptop did she ever actually plug
the laptop into Power something is
plugged into it and going through the
hole yes the laptop is plugged in which
isn't really the question anyway doesn't
solve much why would you build a
firewall if it was not connected not
supposed to be connected to the why
wouldn't it just always be on well it
shouldn't even be connected to the
network if you're just expecting a local
whatever can do this I am going to need
help to stop it and fast so would I yeah
I don't it doesn't none of those things
work that way no but you know what does
work is this message from our sponsor T
get super affordable phone plans with
awesome freebies and excellent customer
service from T stay tuned to learn more
about how you can be saving money with
their custom plans or you can learn more
at the link in the video description
next up we've got another scene from
NCIS oh no no no no no that was almost a
real blue screen that blue screen is
from like what 95 hold on what did the
3.1 blue screen look like no it's just
nonsense yeah it's just a blue screen my
computer just
crashed I've lost everything damn it
not really how that works you can have a
blue screen and all your data is still
there I mean you lost probably what you
were working on this level of freak out
would not be warranted until you reboot
and it's like can't find boot device
yeah she's running Windows 3.1 though so
autosave is not really a thing well you
know it's really not possible to lose
everything mind if I take a look uh-uh
this paper's too important I need
somebody that actually knows what
they're
doing got too good with computers among
his degrees he has a master's in
computer forensics from MIT oh that's
too bad is that a degree I looked at
going to MIT and it was like Hey blah BL
blah the lady that I was talking to was
like no we don't give out master's
degrees they're it's a consolation prize
for not getting your PhD so if you come
to MIT you have to be all in on the PHD
and I was like oh that's
interesting so you're saying he's a
loser essentially wow the losest of
winners you know with all the weight
you've lost I didn't think you could
throw that much
shade you look great quote the agent
That'll Walk In in here with him a
functional mute I suggest you don't mess
with him too much what is he typing into
a blue the blue screen's still there
right yeah yeah that's really hard on
your on your wrists
too all right there we go there is your
I love the sounds yeah auto save was
turned off so I uh took the liberty of
enabling it every 60 seconds should have
the problem again autosave well prevent
blue screens you heard it here first
right but she didn't have autosave on so
how did he recover it
magic is that a 12 core 16 with a 10 Meg
pipe I need the faster response times
for the new by
power oh everything's wrong so far I'm
just skipping over that is that an II
power
logo no one talks this way I mean if
it's from a point in time where 10m was
a lot you wouldn't say 16 core it would
have been like a dual eight core or
something or quad four core yeah and you
would almost everever if someone
complement your Tower go number of CPU
cores internet speed there's a lot of
people after my high
scores that's not how that works you're
competing head-to-head for latency to
matter you're not trying to set a high
score and then uploading it does she
need to upload her high score really
fast you hold the high score in
virtually every massively multiplayer
online role playing game they don't
really MMOs don't have high scores what
some Modern MMOs actually do sort of
have scoring this came out in
2010 this was still sort of a thing back
then actually sure could you have the
most money in Evon line EV on line had
kill boards back then though sure you
could she didn't have time to play any
other game then unreal T didn't really
have that yeah virtually every MMO that
just means you're cheating you
singlehandedly killed the entire skan
cord from is of cardas and blood fund 6
that sounds like
Eve the least of this's problems is that
a 16 core processor didn't exist at that
point if you're wondering at this point
how do these scenes end up so inaccurate
you're not the only one and according to
this very old Reddit post they do it on
purpose as a fun competition to see who
can create the best worst it scene
roughly 90% of the audience of these
shows don't know better or simply don't
care anyway the example they gave is
those awful Zoom enhance scenes so why
don't we take a look at some of those
isn't this a reflection on the decay of
society there's a reflection
but there's no pixels ah the
pixels it doesn't work that way oh my
God this this would be all just large
language model hallucination at this
point yeah it didn't work that way then
it it doesn't really work that way now
if every once in a while a psychic can
contribute to solving a case maybe an AI
hallucination can do the same thing I
mean a stop clock is right twice a day
baby I can tell by these four pixels
it's this specific logo good job AI it's
like wait a minute this is the security
camera at the underwear store freeze
there rotate 75 de around the vertical
please oh that
[Music]
doesn't that uh none of that works do
you know how many cameras it takes to do
that at a sports ball game should watch
the behind the scenes on The Matrix and
uh see how many cameras they use for
bullet time it takes that many computer
take us around on the other side it can
hypothesize Chris yeah can you rotate us
75 around the vertical
please what do you think it is that's a
3D model did these guys predict AI
hallucinations I I think he said like
can we bring it around the other side
and he said it can hypothesize it can
hypothesize that made me
Dumber rotate zoom in remove occupant
Frisk enhance pants Vector D7 what
pocket content what kind of camera is
this enhance enhance this is the final
level of enhancing enhance en and and
meet me at the strip club tonight it all
goes down XOXO I don't think for that so
I don't even mind that one that is so
obviously taking the piss a lot of them
I actually don't believe that Reddit
post I think they actually just have no
idea what they're talking about you've
been trolled that one was okay clearly
parodying yes yes moving on CSI has had
over 800 episodes over the years which
makes you think surely they must be
getting better at this right so what do
we know about this
Apollo you know that g that IP looks
reasonable in the background and the
mail header looks reasonable in the
background all right and that that
actually is AOL from the early 2000s
this IP is slightly less reasonable but
sure oh yeah that one not reasonable you
know that garbage those numbers at the
bottom of every email yeah
it's actually a unique number that
registers the location of the center's
terminal kind of an address Internet
Protocol address CSI has access seven
different IP addresses means you use
seven different
computers well that just for one email
no um no that's strange could be a
network that's not that strange I have
seven computers also no this is all very
believable conversation though so you're
saying the dialogue is good even if the
tech is terrible well no the tech isn't
necessarily terrible you can look up the
IP addresses that someone accessed your
service from and then they could
misunderstand how it works it's also
true that uh in only in the last five or
six years from your mail headers like if
you use Outlook or a client program not
the web that it's only just got to the
point where removes the name of your
computer from the mail header and it's
clearly ancient yeah if it was multiple
emails and they were compiling this yes
but you wouldn't have all of this in one
email oh yeah and they've just got like
straight up the address of the prison
nice IP address doesn't like no exactly
pinpoint the address that you're at in
the case of a prison it might register
but why would that prison have all these
different IPS it shouldn't yeah for
weeks I've been investigating the cabi
killer murders with a certain morbid
fast I mean that does look like a shitty
alternative news site sure time I'll
create a guey interface using Visual
Basic see if I can track an IP
address whoa I mean I could use a Salad
Shooter to try to make some mulch for my
flower bed I'll create a gooey interface
using Visual Basic see if I can track an
IP us if it weren't for my horse I
wouldn't have spent that year in
college that just doesn't mean anything
it's definitely been the case that when
someone that I knew was trying to do
something that was more advanced than
their skills was like hang on a minute
let me just give you a gooey that'll let
you play with it there you go good luck
do you need to make it in Visual Basic
that would be only if I were trying to
punish myself yeah Dante and Brooke are
both in this shot mean somebody else is
filming means there's a third player
Walter can you zoom in on that they
didn't have selfie cameras
yet whoa wow what just happened what is
that oh that's an iPhone 4 that would
not be happening on an iPhone 4 what
just
happened yeah apple doesn't allow you to
do that which is one of my big pet
peeves with iOS you can't zoom on photos
they artificially limit how much and
they do they have this awful animation
that's
like it's one of those little things
that just it doesn't really matter I can
put it on my computer and I can look at
it there but why it's like Wendell did
you know that you cannot lock an iPhone
to landscape really why because you
that's why sounds like apple you can
lock an iPad but not an iPhone but not
an iPhone so that's one of the reasons
that we have issues with our prompters
all the time sorry I'm okay okay I I
just ran a diagnostic on the bomb it's
the tablet's ringer that's the Detonator
I think I can write a script and just
tell the ringer not to ring CH it's not
even you can write that much code from
scratch did you guys see how fast that
progress bar was moving it's the
Detonator I think I can write a script
to just tell the ringer not to ring it's
not even you can write that much code
from scratch he's dead you have a better
idea Nelson actually I do I saw next one
on toin site there a piece of mware that
turns off cell phone ringers he going to
need to update that code adusted to the
tablet yeah but the frame should still
be the same crmit I'm sending it to you
now okay okay this might actually work
also if it's just like the tablet and
the little wire is going to the
plastique like I'm probably going to
take a chance in ripping the wire out of
the plastique like does it go to the
blasting cap if I pull on that does the
blasting cap let go like that seems
reasonable can you comment on it using
the same framework if you had a piece of
malware that was like say a piece of iOS
malware and it turned off the ringer
that might not be implausible but that's
really stretch right compiling it is
going to take more time than you have
right and also app like the certificates
and like there's a there's a certain
amount of suffering that you have to go
through as an iOS Developer that I don't
know why people put up with it makes me
want to stab myself in the temple with
an LT screwdriver I've got one right
here it's our upcoming Precision driver
hey you know what will stop the pain an
LTT screwdriver to the
temple we just passed 742 th000 crmit
did it work nope nope definitely did not
work how could he even have tried it
already yeah just importing the
certificate takes longer than that oh
it's speeding up whatever this is
unbelievable someone dos the site what
apparently the bomb is somehow linked to
a web page that's getting traffic but
the denial of service you would have no
traffic oh yeah that would stop it
eventually like you'd have a lot of
traffic and then you'd have none maybe
the reason why the bomb hasn't gone off
is it's not a progress bar it's an
active users bar uhhuh so it was going
up quickly in that one scene but it
might have gone down and now they're
dsing it to make it go back up again
private key but this thing has more
logic boms in it than stuff okay can you
walk us through a logic bomb a logic
bomb is when you have a program that has
something in it that you're unlikely to
encounter in normal operation but when
you do encounter that the program does
something completely unexpected it's
like a booby trap in the program so like
if somebody enters a username um that is
completely unexpected it's like oh
that's this user let me just go erase a
disc if we're not super careful we could
easily destroy
what why interrogate The Prisoner when
you can just look inside her
brain not unreasonable I actually love
this don't do that to get a hard drive
though that was a hard drive wasn't it
yes yes and also when they access
whatever files on this hard drive
they're still going to have to deal with
your logic bomb but in general finally
someone went for a direct approach good
job we'll scan the data as well a little
little too direct all right little too
direct where's your clean room buddy
stop where's your gloves it was going so
well so when you open a hard drive it's
now uh dead also where is her LT
Precision screwdriver kit yeah she just
sort of like slid it off that came apart
more easily than that iPad we'll scan
the data as read only then search the
disc image to extract key bypassing all
the logic bombs I thought you said this
was going to be that is not how an
encryption key can be obtained actually
the better way to obtain an encryption
key is like if the machine is running
and it's decrypted you could turn it off
and use a liquid nitrogen or a air
compressor that's turned upside down to
freeze the memory and read the memory
that is actually a forensic device that
law enforcement has but the system would
have to still work you would have had to
not take a hammer to it it would have to
still be powered when you do that so
that there is some hope that that data
is still in the volatile memory I
figured out a way to track captain
cold how the cold gun is powered by an
engine control unit a microcomputer that
regulates air to fuel ratio so the
subcooled fluid in the chambers don't
overflow and explode right that's
plausible enough yeah there's computers
and everything regulating everything
this ECU was receiving updates
wirelessly from my tablet if I boost the
signal using Central City's Network and
send a false update we'll get a ping
back and then that doesn't work that way
boosting a signal is not how you get an
up and ecus don't usually it's like is
it cuz you were running an open wi-fi
network and it connected to an open
wi-fi network and which case how did you
know are they trying to find it is that
what they're doing or are they trying to
like this ECU was receiving updates
wirelessly from my tablet was receiving
them from the TBL Cal City Network and
send a false update we'll get a ping
back and then okay I think they're
trying to find it and they're out of
range so it might make some amount of
sense first I have to hack into the
city's Network so I don't know 30
minutes maybe I can do it in less than
one when it comes to hacking I'm the
fastest woman live oh that was not as
badass as I
pictured all right doesn't look like
that what is she even typing into
nothing she's not typing anything all
right I'm in are you kidding maybe she
was controlling the windowing system
from like the no I don't know that one
was okay other than the I'm the fastest
in the world scene it wasn't great I
don't know how they're going to find it
based on what they did I mean even you
might have been able if you're connected
to like if the city had Wi-Fi all over
the city and you didn't have mac address
rotation then you could ask the network
controller like where which access point
has this Mac address and get close yeah
but you've got Mac address rotation
working against you and also it doesn't
work like that yeah but you know what
does work like that the segue to our
sponsor T in the ever connected digital
age everyone deserves an affordable
phone plan that they can trust and that
suits their needs enter Tel mobile there
build your own lets you customize the
perfect phone plan for your lifestyle
and budget with options like 2 gigs plus
unlimited talking text for $10 a month
or unlimited everything for just $25 a
month and that's not all T offers
freebies like hotspot Wi-Fi calling and
unlimited texts plus they just launched
international roaming so even your
vacation is covered they even have
individual plans for your family members
with no shared balance or extra cost per
line making it easy to manage up to 10
different lines all under one account
account and for you socialites out there
you can get 10 T dollars per friend that
you refer switching to T is super easy
just order online pop in your sim and
you're done you can even Port over your
old number so your contacts don't think
they're getting spam called anyway go
check out T's custom plans using our
Link in the video description massive
thank you to wendle from level one Tex
for joining us today if you guys enjoyed
this video hey leave a like and maybe
check out the last time we did it which
was definitely a completely different
day yes never never mind that we're all
wearing the same clothes some of it from
LTD store.com we did it by hacking